docs(chart): remove helm2 support (backport #7437) (#7452)
longhorn/longhorn: chart/README.md

helm repo update
```

> 3. Use the following commands to create the `longhorn-system` namespace first, then install the Longhorn chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create the `longhorn-system` namespace, and then install the Longhorn chart.
```

Reviewer: We use "1." for all steps in an ordered list.

Reviewer 2: This can be improved in another PR, as this is a backport PR. @roger-ryao do you want to take this :slightly_smiling_face:

Reviewer 3: > We use "1." for all steps in an ordered list.

Hi @jillian-maroket 
     Could you please help review https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/pull/7453 for the `v1.4.x` release? If the PR looks good for `v1.4.x`, I would modify it later to also apply the changes to `v1.5.x`.

Reviewer 2: @roger-ryao @jillian-maroket For backport PR, no need to review, because it's just backport. Basically, we just need to check if it has no conflict, then we can merge it. 

If anything needs to change, let's have another PR for that.

Reviewer 3: > This can be improved in another PR, as this is a backport PR. @roger-ryao do you want to take this 🙂

Create ticket [#7462](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/7462) to update the Longhorn Chart installation documentation
